#129 Muscle to muscle attachments 1.4.0 (#130)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/maya/muscle.md

Targets can be any transformation nodes or meshes. On one hand, transformation nodes such as joints or locators are used to create attachments to their world transformation matrices. On the other hand, meshes are used to create attachments to geometry and slide on geometry constraints. Check [A Simple Setup](simple_setup#AdnMuscle) for more information on how to paint the influence maps for the mentioned constraints.

> [!NOTE]

> > - Attachments to geometry and slide on geometry constraints are meant to simulate muscle-to-bone and muscle-to-muscle interactions. For muscle-to-muscle interactions, only unidirectional relationships are supported. This means that having two muscles A and B, only one of them can be added as target of the other muscle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What about this small tweak? I would like to hear from @lucasferryinbibo 

> - Attachments to geometry and slide on geometry constraints are meant to simulate muscle-to-bone and muscle-to-muscle interactions.
> - For muscle-to-muscle interactions, only unidirectional relationships are supported. This means that having muscles A and B, it is possible to assign A as target of B or B as target of A, but not the two at the same time.
```

Author: I like it, let's hear from Lucas

Author: Notes updated.
